we weren't behind the scenes to find out
what it's like for those lucky fans that
make it to one of our live shows it's
mid-morning and there's already a cube
forming outside television Center for
Scotland
although we did come back down on a
plane last night so keep fans packed
with everything they'll need to keep
themselves occupied during their
five-hour wait spirits are kept high as
the queue continues to grow throughout
the day in service this morning
meanwhile inside the gates the stars of
straitly are coming together for their
dress rehearsal little do they know that
hundreds of people are already lined up
and waiting for a peek behind the
sequined curtains for the last couple of
years I never thought we'd get to get so
real excited really really big fans it's
now made after noon and the first of
Audis members start to filter through
security
tickets chats and wristbands allocated
they're ushered into the warmth of the
BBC free a cafe a long wait in the rain
and the Sun and now we're finally here
at around 4 p.m. the audience are then
taken through to the studio and shown to
their allocated seats when settle their
treaty two are hilarious warm-up guy
who's there to get everyone in the
suitably sparkly mood then it's time for
the main event to start and the audience
can sit back relax and enjoy all of the
performances
so there we have it a whistle-stop saw
what's it like to be a member of the
strictly audience we have a right time
and remember even if you haven't been
lucky enough to get a ticket this year
you can still keep up to date with all
of the glittery gossip backstage
pictures and exclusive videos right here
at BBC co uk